update README.md with config for setting resource attributes (#69)
streamfold/rotel: README.md

4. **Verify**
    - Send OTLP traces to Rotel and verify that it is receiving data:
   ```bash
   go install github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/cmd/telemetrygen@latest
   
   telemetrygen traces --otlp-insecure --duration 5s
   ```
    - Check the output from Rotel and you should see several "Received traces" log lines.

## Configuration

Rotel is configured on the command line with multiple flags. See the table below for the full list of options. Rotel
will also output the full argument list:

```shell
rotel start --help
```

All CLI arguments can also be passed as environment variable by prefixing with `ROTEL_` and switching hyphens to
underscores. For example, `--otlp-grpc-endpoint localhost:5317` can also be specified by setting the environment
variable `ROTEL_OTLP_GRPC_ENDPOINT=localhost:5317`.

| Option                            | Default              | Options                              |
|-----------------------------------|----------------------|--------------------------------------|
| --daemon                          |                      |                                      |

> | --log-format                      | text                 | json                                 |

Reviewer: Also add to the table here?

schema used in the OpenTelemetry
[Clickhouse exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/exporter/clickhouseexporter/README.md).

_The Clickhouse exporter is built using code from the official Rust [clickhouse-rs](https://crates.io/crates/clickhouse)
crate._

### Batch configuration

You can configure the properties of the batch processor, controlling both the size limit of the batch and how long the
batch
is kept before flushing. The batch properties behave the same regardless of which exporter you use. You can override the
batch settings specifically for a telemetry type by prefixing any of the options below with the telemetry type (metrics,
logs,
or traces). For example, `--traces-batch-max-size` will override the batch max size for traces only.

| Option           | Default | Options |
|------------------|---------|---------|
| --batch-max-size | 8192    |         |
| --batch-timeout  | 200ms   |         |

### Setting resource attributes

Rotel also supports setting or overwriting resource attributes on OpenTelemetry logs, metrics, and traces via the

> command line or environment. The `--otel-resource-attributes` flag accepts a comma-separated list of key-value pair to
> the Resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command line or environment. The `--otel-resource-attributes` flag accepts a comma-separated list of key-value pairs to upsert on the
the resource
```
